[DOCS] NLP Model parallel, NMT multi-val, CORE register artifacts (#2168)
NVIDIA/NeMo: docs/source/core/core.rst

As an example, consider an NLP model that requires a trained tokenizer model. 
The tokenizer model file can be automatically added to the .nemo file with the following:

.. code-block:: python

    self.encoder_tokenizer = get_nmt_tokenizer(
        ...
        tokenizer_model=self.register_artifact(config_path='encoder_tokenizer.tokenizer_model',
                                               src='/path/to/tokenizer.model',
                                               verify_src_exists=True),
    )

By default, ``.register_artifact`` will always return a path. If the model is being restored from a .nemo file, 
then that path will be to the artifact in the .nemo file. Otherwise, ``.register_artifact`` will return the local path specified by the user.

``config_path`` is the artifact key. It usually corresponds to a model configuration but does not have to.
The model config that is packaged with the .nemo file will be updated according to the ``config_path`` key.
In the above example, the model config will have 

.. code-block:: YAML

    encoder_tokenizer:
        ...
        tokenizer_model: nemo:4978b28103264263a03439aaa6560e5e_tokenizer.model

> ``src`` is the path to the artifact and the basename of the path will be used when packaging the artifcat in the .nemo file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``src`` is the path to the artifact and the base-name of the path will be used when packaging the artifact in the .nemo file.
```

Author: Done.

> Each artifact will have a hash prepended to the basename of ``src`` in the .nemo file. This is to prevent collisions with basenames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each artifact will have a hash prepended to the basename of ``src`` in the .nemo file. This is to prevent collisions with base-names that are identical (say when there are two or more tokenizers, both called `tokenizer.model`).
```

Author: Done.
